But before we do that let me quickly show you why we had a flex important to remember here when we had
a flex and we had flex important right and you can see we're here after comment.
Now let's check it out.
What happens if I don't have the important thing so let's say over here.
Now it's not working.
So what's going to happen out here once we refresh All right let's say we're here do we have the links
right.
And now everything is working everything's fine right.
You can see all right.
But what happens is this.
Right.
Once we actually close this one on here see what happens.
All right.
You can see the links actually have disappeared.
Right.
Because that's the whole thing that we are actually overwriting it.
We're seeing that flex right but it's for short needs to be flex.
Otherwise what's going to happen is again once we're toggling all here with these buttons right now
the links are showing everything is fine.
However you can see how it looks on this screen right.
You can see that it's actually not displaying its flex.
Right.
And if I'm going to go back over here and actually hide the links right there are going to actually
disappear altogether.
Oh.
That's right.
So that's why it's so important over here.
Important I'll say this.
And now everything is working.
All right.
So now there is no problem whatsoever.
Right.
We can toggle up and down.
And you can see or hear on the links are appearing or if we have it over here right.
The full screen for now but once we keep adding to the screen now we can see what happens.
Right.
So that's why it's so important to have this flex important.
Now let's go ahead and let's start working on here with this.
And you see in a ha moment you have a header here.
It actually has to direct children right.
When it's not.
And the other one is minor.
Right.
And what I'm trying to do is over here is where I want to set it up is that my header is going to be
100 percent you right on here right.
So it's going to be always 100 percent full screen right away.
And then what I would want is actually for this banner to take rest of the space and just leave this
guy whatever he needs.
Right.
So let me show you how we would do this.
So here we're going to go to Maine to assess and we're just going to start a new one.
All right.
And we're going to say that this is going to be a header and a header and I'm going to write a bunch
of hashtags and this and hashtags like this.
Then once we write this this we're going to say that this is going to be at her right here and then
we're going to have a mean height and so we're going to say 100.
You heard like this and then we're going to have it this play.
I'm going to say flex right and you can see what happens right.
Right so now it's actually treating it as a flex direction is a.
Going to change this and we're actually going to say that flex direction is going to be calm.
So we're here I'm going to say flex direction flex direction we're going to say call.
All right.
So now again we have back to call and let me maybe make more space here and now let's start working
with the banner right.
The other direct child of her so I'm going to say hashtag banner here and then I'm going to say flex
flex here we're going to save one.
So grow as much as you need to zero.
Don't shrink and auto check it out with a background so we can see better.
Right.
You can see what happens if I wouldn't have this.
So again let's come on this out.
You can see that it's only going to be spending as much as it actually needs.
Right.
But that's not what we want.
So one 100 new heights in there or so we don't need to calculate well how much is this and how much
do you read or hear.
We just use flex.
Right.
So it's always going to be growing as much as it needs to now or you can see or hear once.
Now is going to get bigger and it's going to adjust obviously.
But this is very neat because we don't need to think much.
Right now we're going to have a u r l right.
This is going to be background and we're all going to have images and background image.
This is going to be a background image.
Then after that what we would actually want is to have new things right.
So going to say background the attachment here and I'm going to say fixed and the properties and the
values that I'm writing were now we can write on here in a short time so we can basically keep writing
these properties are here.
However there's a reason why I'm doing this.
I just want to show you what each property is and what is the value.
Right.
Because I can just write one long line of code and it's not going to make sense.
Right then I'm going to say background position background I'm going to say position and we're going
to say center like this and Baghran attachment means that this is going to be parallax effect right.
So we're going to be scrolling down as we're going to have more content actually here.
All of this right.
You can see that this is how it's going to look like right.
So now we have all this image and as I started scrolling you can see what happens when Image is fixed
on a back and that text is moving right.
And this would create the parallax effect.
That's where we're using the background attachment fixed here and this is going to be Center.
So replacing the imaging center then we have a background and we'll get the same background over here.
We're going to say cover background size is going to be cover to cover.
And then after that basically we would want a bag on repeat repeat cover means that we would want always
to cover whatever space we have right here.
We're going to see background repeat repeat and repeat like this.
Then we actually would want to work with actual banner.
Right here we treated it as a child here off the flex container.
Right.
Because there was a knife and there was a banner.
Now we're going to make him a parent right.
For you see if this whole text.
So I'm going to say we're hearing this play and I'm going to say flex like this and then we're going
to say justify content.
So horizontally here we're going to say Center and we're going to have a line item items also going
to say something.
Now I want to place it vertically and said I'm going to place it over here and then or here.
The last thing that I would want to do is going to be text a line which you are not going to see right
now.
Right but as this text is going to get bigger.
Right.
This is what's going to place it in the center someone text align center and then you can see that it
moved a little bit.
And this is how it can play in the center.
Now there's one thing that I'm right away going to be doing.
And I want to actually had a black background kind of behind the image.
You can see that it's kind of bright and you can see or hear it.
And we have this dark All right.
So how do we do this.
We do this by linear gradients.
So over here I'm going to place first of all a comment like this and I'm good at linear gradient.
We're here then we would need to write the colors that we would want to do.
Right.
And the colors that I'm going to use is R.G. Hey right and which is going to be red green blue and all.
Here we're going to have opacity was actually going to be a black color like this.
So I'm going to say 0 and let's say five here.
Place another comma.
This is going to be your second color.
And we're going to have zero zero zero in on here let's say five again.
Right.
So we can see that we have a black background here.
This is what changes in the right.
If we have zero point nine you can see this is going to be very dark right.
If you have zero point one is going to be very light.
So I would stick something in between.
We're going to have something along those lines of three an hour here and this is also going to be three.
Then once we are done with a banner Let's go ahead and create banner going to set text right.
This is going to be heading.
And this is going to be text.
Transform transform.
We're going to say uppercase right so this has been I know we would want uppercase then we're going
to have a caller and this is going to be the yellow colors Hogan-Howe hash tag F F C and then we have
9 1 4.
This is going to be a yellow color font size.
We're going to say this is going to be 60 pixels like this font style.
We're going to say this is going to be like here right.
So it's going to be well bleak.
I'm going to have a text decoration instead of removing down the line.
Actually I can have it right.
So if here like this.
And then after that we will want a banner text adding three.
So we're going to go back over here.
We're going to say that this is going to be banner text I'm going to say hitting three you like this.
And again we're going to have a text transform text transform and we're going to say capitalize this
right.
So now each letter starts with a big letter and we have a font size and we're going to say this is going
to be 30 pixels.
Then we're going to have a margin 10 pixels top bottom zero left right.
And then after that we're going to have a color and the color is going to be hash tag D 9 he or here
5 d 6.
Right so we're here and this is going to be our gray gray whitish color.
And then we would want to deal with the links.
So we're going to go Mackall here and we're going to say banner text I'm going to say Hey And first
what I would want to do is I would want to actually add inline block.
And the reason for my blog is I don't want to block right.
I don't want them like they were appearing on here like this.
And so when they have them when you can see it spending all across however I want to have ones we adding
the padding right to that there's actual value here.
Right.
So there's actually some kind of margins in everything.
So I'm going to say we're here in this play and I'm going to say in mine and I'm going to say block
that I'm going to say margin and managers are going to be 10 pixels.
We're going to have a text decoration we're going to say none like this.
Right now we're getting rid of these on the lines.
Then we'll have a text transform again.
Same rights are going to say Truxton's one and we're going to capitalize on this.
We're going to have a font size font size is going to be 25 pixels like this.
And then we have a pairing and pixels like this right.
So planting in between inside over here right then after that we're going to have a color hashtag and
see nine one for like this and then we'll have a border and we're going to have a border of three pixels
solid.
And again we're going to use the color on this is going to be hashtag.
See here.
Nine one for you like this.
And then what you would want to do is over here as I'm hovering I would want the background to change
right.
But for this I'm actually going to have a background and I'm going to say transparent right now around
this and or hear what I would want to do is actually have the same back to transition transition and
I'm going to say color and again background so two seconds is here and back background two seconds these
background also two seconds each one here and then not do however effect.
So I'm going to say Boughner text here.
I will hear what I'm going to do as I'm going to say color and this color is going to be hash tag to
me to hear this.
And this is going to be eight to me here.
Then we say this and what's happening is you can see that I missed her background so it had background
and the background is going to be hashtag FFC the yellow 1 9 1 4 right here.
That's a semi colon.
And let's see what happens.
You can see or hear of a black color.
All right.
But as you can see I'm hovering right.
It changes or it changes over time and doesn't happen right away.